She got tired and fell down, but the tattooist and his associates are not in mood of leaving her they just picked up and went to the backroom of the shop where they kept like sort of store room. She woke up to a hard slap to her soft tits. The tattooist said bitch u fuck us for the next two hours and we will pierce ur nipples among other things and we will leave u on ur way. She cried and asked for mercy but those guys were in no mood to leave a such beautiful whore. The tat guy grabbed her by the hair and made her kneel down all showed their dicks and she had no option but to suck the tat guys dick. He shoved his full dick and began fucking her mouth like mad dog and snehdika was choking and began to slap his thighs. He got angry and slapped her and spat on her face, he held her hair and slapped continuously for a minute and ordered the to guys to toe her hands in the back with some rope.Though snehdika put up a fight by shaking her body and kicking she was no match for those two guys and they tied her hands pretty tight with nylon rope and to make things worse they took three black paper clips and clipped two of her nipples and her clit making her howl. The tat guys resumed his mouth fucking using the opportunity when she opened her mouth to howl. Another guy went back and jammed his cock in her asshole and began roughly fucking it. The third guy who is recording all of this in a camera, sets it up to cover the whole scene and signalled the guys the guy fucking her asshole he held her by the hand and lied over a small bed and made her lie over him and inserted his cock again in her asshole and resumed the fucking also the tat guy roughly fucks her throat, the third guy came over and inserted his cock in her pussy and began roughly banging her cunt, the tat guy in between the mouth fuck removes the cock and slapped and spits on her face and fucks her mouth again. Her body is completely shaking due to the rough fuck or the three guys.The shaking makes her full tits wobble making the clips causing more pain also the clit clip shakes and causing immense pain in her clit. Each is competing with one other like who is fucking her roughly. The mouth fucking guy grabs her by the hair, skull fucks her, slaps her spit on her and make her slurp the dick like a Popsicle. The ass fucking guy continuously slaps her back and spanks her ass cheeks until they a red. The pussy fucking guy grabs her by the waist and pounds her pussy and inbetween squeezes the clipped tits and clit making her squirm and grunt. They continue this for an hour and changes the position and resumes the airtight foursome fuck. The didn't miss a single minute to slap her, spank her, squeeze her tits, pinch her nipples and totally destroy her holes.The ordeal comes to an end after an hour and the tat guy grabs her by hair and makes her kneel down for cum facial. She can barely move so she obeyed his commands to avoid any further punishments. The three ejaculates all over her face and in her mouth makes her swallow every bit of the cum after the just slap her and and spit on her and in her mouth and orders her to swallow their spit as well.Then they removed the nipple and clit clips and pinch them to give more pain to her nether regions.She was totally devastated and want to die at that moment. The guys caught all the action in camera as well for future blackmail which snehdika witnessed but had no energy to stop them.Snehdika then asked the guys about the piercing even though she has no energy to avoid consequences from KK. The guys laughed and then showed a corner where a hose pipe is available to clean herself and they can pierce her. She walked with shivering legs and tried best to clean herself, she could feel burning and pain all over her body mainly on her tits, ass and cunt and asshole

.After ten mins one guy came over to check on her where he found sitting on the bed quietly. He shouted at her slut come over get ur nipples pierced. She with fear walked towards him, but he grabbed by her hair and nipples and dragged her to the piercing and tattooing table where she found no one else other than those three guys.The Tat guy told to her slut were going to pierce ur nipples, navel, tongue and ur clit as well, also were going to tattoo some nasty things on ur body u cannot say no else we will upload the video of ur ordeal with us on the internet. She in a mental dilema to obey them or face KK when he finds what happened here to her. To get out of the situation she told ok and agreed for their wish to whatever they want to do to her body.

The guys were happy cause they got a once in a lifetime chance to do whatever they want to a girl and have no fear of consequences. They quickly assemble all the required piercing tools and rings and ornaments and tattooing needles and paints.She was scared to see those tools she was totally understood they were not going to leave her until their wish is fulfilled.First they took two sharp needles, pinched both her nipples with holding scissors and piercing with the needles, snehdika let a big scream but the guys held her mouth and muffled her scream.Also they slapped her not to scream.They attached a non removable ring one end to the needle end and drive it to the other end until the ring comes out through another end under the nipple, fixed the ball and secure it properly and the piercing is completed with the nipple. Next the tat guy proceeded to her navel and completed the piercing. It was a little painless than the nipple for snehdika. Then he proceeded for the clit.She has a bald baby pussy where he asked her to hold her legs apart with her hands, then he asked the guys to part her pussy lips, then he proceeded further with holding scissors and slightly pressed over the clit and raised the hood to expose her love button she was breathing heavily when her clip is exposed and when he tapped it she was feeling tingling sensation all over body, then he slightly clip it with the scissors and drive a needle through it and insert a metal ring and securing it tightly with the ball.She was holding the scream to avoid any punishment from the guys.Then he told her to open her mouth and expose her tongue to pierce, she let her tongue out they held it with the scissors and pierced it with a nice silver tongue ring.

Then they began to tatto her body, one was tattooing over her boobs, one was tattooing between the tits and around the nave, and the last guy was tattooing over her pussy mound. After finishing they flipped her over on her stomach. This was causing pain as the pierced boobs navel and pussy was pushed against the bed. The guys then started tattooing right below her head and over her neck, her back, her waist and over her both ass cheeks. Then finally the tattooed around her ass hole and both the side of it. All tattoos were words which were humiliating to her which she will find soon.After they completed everything and recorded all the activities on camera they took her to the mirror room where all sides were fixed with mirrors. She can see her whole body 360 deg. She saw "SLUT" written in curvy letters over her right boobs, "I ? Rough SEX" on her left boob,

"Slap"

&nbsp;my &nbsp;bOObs"

in between her tits, her tits were shining with two silver rings. Over her navel piercing a little fire ? symbol and either side of her navel "Fuck Toy". Over her pussy mound "Nasty Cum-Dump" and a downward ⬇️ pointing towards her pussy.Her pussy looks very inviting with a pierced silver ring. Behind her neck "Pull Hard and Ride Me" is written.On her spinal cord&nbsp;

FUCK ME HARD

is tattooed in beautiful curvy letters. Above her waist "Tear my ASS HOLE" is written."Spank my Ass" is written on her right ass cheek and "Dirty Bitch" is written on her left ass cheek. The tat guy told Snehdika to bend and part her ass cheeks only to find "Nasty WHORE" tattooed around her asshole but the O is tattooed around her ass hole with red color like&nbsp;

" Nasty WHORE"

Seeing all of this made her head dizzy and when she was about to fall they held and made her to stand and took lot of selfies with her and made her to show poses to exhibit their talent and also a video of her saying that they did all of this only with her consent and she agreed to all of the piercing and tattooing. When they done with her they took her to the front door threw the shawl on her and closed the door.

Here's the next update guys ... Sorry for make it too late... Enjoy the story and tell me ur views....

KK was standing in his boxers with a big cane in his hands and said "Shall we begin your punishment bitch". This made Snehdika weak in her legs as throughout today she's been used by five guys including KK . All were very rough with her and she's tired as hell. She asked KK " Sir I'm so tired please give me some rest, my body is paining all over, please do have mercy on me please". KK shouted at Snehdika " Bitch as long as you're my slave you don't deserve any rest. Your body is meant to be fucked and tortured all day long and any where I want and however I want and with whomever I want. So don't dare to request any mercy from me, all your gonna get is rough sex torture." This even more scared snehdika. KK again shouted " Bitch kneel down here, your going to get your first punishment of today's long long night", saying so he hit the floor with the cane making snehdika drop on her knees. Then he began to explain the punishment method he's going to give her. First he ordered her to fold her hands behind her and place her chest and face on the floor. Then he told "Bitch now I'm going to whip ur ass with this cane on both ur cheeks and you must count the number of times I hit you, occasionally I will hit ur back and soles or any where I like and you must not count those, if you count the beatings other than your ass I will start the session from the start, and you must thank me after every beatings and apologize to me whenever I hit u other than your ass for getting that part of your body in the way of my cane, you understand bitch". This confused Snehdika very much but she said "yes sir I understood". When she placed her face on the cold tiles she got chills and further he placed his legs on her back and made her chest crush onto the floor. The cold tiles made her nipples hard adding to the pain. Then he ordered her to maintain this position and gave a viscous blow on her left ass cheek she screamed at the top of her lungs and got up and jumped up and down holding her ass. KK the cought her by the hair and gave a hard slap and shouted bitch u are ruining my torture mood and twisted her left nipple causing her to scream and he slapped her again and again and held her against a wall near by her neck and spat on her face. The he said "bitch quit this bullshit and fucking obey me or else I won't mind killing u and disposing off ur remains away". This made Snehdika fear KK and decided to obey him half minded as She saw how he took out those thugs with a single blow reminded her not to disobey him. KK seeing her facial expressions understood that she feared him and wants to play with that then he proceeded to choke her more and gave a kiss on her lips. She thought he wants to kiss and parted her lips and opened her lips he ran his lips and tongue in and out of her lips occasionally biting them but he didn't let the pressure on her neck and with the other hand he played with her pussy slowly fingering her with two fingers and pinching her clit. He then increased pressure on all three places. He choked her neck tighter, he kissed her forcibly licking and slurping all the while he was finger fucking her cunt. She was on the verge of her first orgasm of the day. Everyone she fucked her never made her cum rather made her feel pain and torture. When she was about to cum KK moved back and gave a hard slap across her face and spat on her face and told " don't ever think of Cumming before getting ur punishment, you must earn it and the best way is through punishment of my way. Now get face down and kneel and get you punishment and we will call it a day". Snehdika with fear and in need of orgasm &nbsp;knelt down and placed her face and chest on the floor again. Then KK said " see u are a slut craving for orgasm through torture, I'm gonna bring the pain slut out of you whore" and laughed &nbsp;devilish. KK Order her to raise her ass and part the ass cheek. She did the same and KK began with the first blow again. This time he made sure he hit with more force than before and whipped her right ass cheek. Snehdika cried but she shouted and didn't get up and cried once also she shouted "one, thankyou sir", then he hit her on her left ass cheek right over the previous hit, this gave more pain to her but she shrieked and yelled "two, thankyou sir". KK was angry and surprised at the same time and began hitting her both ass cheeks continuously for next 5 minutes occasionally hitting her thighs and soles. But to KK's surprise she counted only the ass beatings and not the others. Finally KK gave a strong blow accross both the cheeks and made her cry wildly, but she counted that as well and sobbed on the floor. KK then asked "what was the count bitch" to which she answered "fifty sir". KK knelt down and inspected the beatings and was proud to have covered her ass with red violet strips most of them bulging and some of them leaking blood. He also found she was leaking pussy juice which made him happy to have found a pain slut. He then grabbed by her hair and lifter her head and found her face covered with tears. He then turned her and made her look the pussy juices she leaked due to the punishments. This made her embarrassed and curse herself for enjoying the pain. KK then said " look bitch you enjoy my punishment and your leaked pussy juices is the fact that your inner slut has born and it's my duty to cultivate your sluttiness and use it" saying this he pushed her face onto the floor covered with her juices and ordered her to clean it by licking them clean off the floor. He held the hair while she licked the pussy juices and swallowed with teary eyes and broken heart. Once finished he yanked her off the floor by the hair giving her neck pain and he told her to kneel and bend her body backwards also part her legs exposing her pussy and tits to display. The he took another whip which seemed to look like stick with a small leather belt tip at the end. KK said "same rules bitch but the target is where you must say" . Snehdika knew KK wants her to tell where she must be hit next. Although she want to tell something else but the fear of something else made her to tell" my tits and pussy sir". KK was happy that his plan of breaking her is working perfectly and said " yes slut I'm going to punish you tits and pussy and for answering correctly I'm gonna be soft with ur punishments on your pussy but you tits I'm not giving any guarantee. This made Snehdika happy and sad at the same time, she was thinking of the light beatings on pussy and hard beatings on her tits. "Let's start bitch" the voice from KK made her to come back to senses. She is in exposed position holding her legs and waiting for the punishment to begin. KK placed the belt tip on her lips and ordered her to kiss it and thank it for punishing her. She kissed and told "thankyou for punishing me". Then he held the stick above his head and gave a strong blow on her pussy, which sent shivers in her legs but to her surprise she didn't feel pain but a slight burn and she counted " one, thankyou sir" again he hit her pussy with the stick and this time as well she didn't feel pain and she counted two and thanked him then he raised the stick and hit her navel which made her tummy jiggle and the piercing swing. Now he lowered the stick and gave a strong blow on her pussy targetting her clit causing her to feel the pain and burning then she counted three. Snehdika realised that her mind was occupied by how much pain will it cause causing the pain not felt, when he hit her navel and came back to the pussy she felt pain. KK was now sure she's beginning to enjoy pain and started to hit her pussy again and again for next few minutes and stopped. He then asked "how much bitch" to which she answered "twenty sir, thank you" with teary eyes. He then inspected her pussy to find slight marks and not much cuts or bruises but the pussy has turned from milky white to cherry red all over. He also found she had leaked and made the stick tip wet . He made her lick the tip and clean it with the tongue. He enjoyed the sight where a pain slut licking the punishment instrument which has just punished her viciously and complementing it with a slurpy cleaning with a pierced tongue. He then proceeded to punish her tits. Although he said he will be soft with her pussy beatings he was hard on it which made her wonder how he's gonna punish her tits. He slightly brushed the stick tip on her erect pierced nipples making them hard and throb due to fear and excitement. KK know the expectation of pain is more painful than the pain itself. So he gently brushed the nipples with the stick and teasing her. Gradually she was starting to moan as her nipple tease made her horny for which KK gave a hard blow with the stick on her left tit, making her to come to senses and yelling "one, thank you". He was happy to tease and punish snehdika which he savoured a lot. Then he hit her right tit and left and right and left again and continued for next ten minutes. He enjoyed the sight where she counts the number of blows he hit her while he beats her pierced nipples, he targets mostly the nipples causing more pain and burning . He made the promise true by being more hard on her tits especially on her pierced nipples. After some time he stopped and asked how much to which she answered " Sixty sir, thankyou". KK inspected her tits and found no cuts or bruises but slight discoloration on her tits as like her pussy. Then he grabbed her her hair and made dog walk to the bedroom then he went out and came in a few minutes with a paper and a camera. He gave the paper and told her the hold it in between her chest and belly and face the camera. On the paper it was written " I am Mr.KK's &nbsp;Sex Slave and my body belongs to him and my pain is his pleasure". Reading this and posing with it broke her even more and adding to that he took humiliating photos of her posing by holding her beaten titties together, spreading her beautiful beaten pussy which was still leaking, spreading her ass cheeks and showing her beaten ass covered with stripes. Then he went over to the work table nearby the bed and connected the camera to his laptop and edited the photos and connected Snehdika mobile to the laptop and transferred the edited pics to her mobile and did something in her phone and handed it to her. When she got the mobile and saw the lock screen it shocked her, there was a slideshow of pictures which has been shot now transitioning every few seconds, and when she unlocked it the home screen had a photo of her holding the paper with messy hair, hard beaten titties and pussy, with teary eyes and a broken heart. Seeing her phone with a picture of herself in that broken condition she thought to herself "why is this happening to me, is this my life, why he is so cruel and rough with me, am I supposed to do what he says, why he wants me as his slave". Be for she could think anymore KK grabbed her by the neck and slammed her on to the bed. Then he jumped on her and landed on her stomach causing her pain in her stomach, he held her hands and told her to say the things which were written on the paper while clicking photos. Snehdika hesitantly said it but KK wasn't pleased so he moved his hands from her hands to her tits and positioned his fore finger and thumb on he nipples. This made Snehdika aware of the punishment and said " I'm Mr.KK 's &nbsp;Sex Slave and my body belongs to him and my pain is his pleasure". KK ordered her to say it repeatedly while he was slightly mauling her redden titties. And when he twisted and pinched both of her nipples she shouted and said " I'm your slave do as u place" Snehdika realised that that came out of blue from her inner senses. Also she felt KK dick from the boxers was getting hard and poking her pussy which was already soaking with her wet juices and this made her pussy ache for orgasm. When screamed "I'm your slave and do as u please" KK lip locked and smooched her roughly all the while rubbing her pussy and teasing her clit. Then he made his way to the cherry red titties and began licking the nipples and nibbling them to tease her, this made her already beaten nipples to harden and poke out which made her horny and when he gulped one of her nipples and twist other like a knob all the while continuously rubbing her pussy and clit she buckled and her body bent sending shivers from her clit and nipples to all over her body. KK switched btw both nipples alternatively and chewed the nipples madly. Snehdika thought to herself " Why am I getting aroused when a guy is abusing me and why do I like it, why am I getting wet and why am I thinking I need more" these thoughts were bursting in her mind making her lose it. She began sweating cause of nervousness and KK sensed her heartbeat rise and her nipples in his mouth and hand and her clit began throbbing in sync with he heartbeat. Slowly he began licking and traced up to her neck nape and behind her ears and began kissing and smooching and smelling her neck nape which is the most vulnerable sexual stimulating part for every single woman, Snehdika is no exception. When KK began assaulting her neck her breathing increased, her chest heaved, her pussy was soaking wet more adding more lubrication for his clit rubbing. Sensing all this, KK whispered in her ear " You are my sex slave, accept that and embrace your slave mentality and serve your body for my pleasure, you are nothing.ore than a sex toy for me to torment and torture until I satisfy". Saying this KK violently rubbed her pussy and twisted her nipples alternatively and began kissing and slapping her face and spiting on her adding to her orgasm reach and finally he inserted his fingers and vigorously rubbed her G spot, she had a huge orgasm making her legs shake violently her nipples hardening as rock and her body feeling exploding and Snehdika screamed " yes, yes oh my god, ohhhhh yessss, &nbsp;ahhhhhh, hmmmmm nooooo, it can't be, but I want this...... Please..... " Hearing this KK again flicked her &nbsp;clit and rubbed her G spot with his both hands vigorously making her have an other orgasm instantly making her legs shake and pussy throb and words blabber and eyes roll back and scream " Oh yeah yesss yess ohhhhh ahhhh hnnnmmmmm..... yeahhh..... Then he layed on top of her and hugged her tightly kissed her passionately and whispered " your mine slut, aren't you", to which snehdika in her orgasm filled mind answered " yes" hugging him back and wrapping her legs around him passionately, but KK slapped her and told her to address him only " Sir" reminding her of her place and she told " Yes Sir".

Snehdika had her first orgasm of the night right after her punishment and another instantly which made her dead tired also she felt something towards KK as among the others today whom she fucked, he was the one who made her cum not once but twice one after another. She felt she belongs with KK and instantly she cursed herself for thinking like that to have feelings for her abuser, but the orgasm addiction has affected snehdika which KK will exploit as much as possible.

KK then told " Bitch are you ready for the first fuck of today from me?... Remember I didn't fuck you till now... I need to feel that pussy and ass with my dick and fuck you hard until you can't piss and shit tomorrow" saying this he laughed hysterically. This made Snehdika worry even more and she remembered he didn't fuck her till now and was afraid how hard he is going to fuck and abuse her more.

Guys sorry for the delay.

I've been writing this story for the past three weeks and proof reading it several times correcting and adding my perversions.

Here enjoy the story and tell your views.

KK then told " Bitch are you ready for the first fuck of today from me?... Remember I didn't fuck you till now... I need to feel that pussy and ass with my dick and fuck you hard until you can't piss and shit tomorrow" saying this he laughed hysterically. This made Snehdika worry even more and she remembered he didn't fuck her till now and was afraid how hard he is going to fuck and abuse her more.&nbsp;

He got up laughing and went outside of the bedroom leaving Snehdika linger in her thoughts. She was tired as hell because of the tortures throughout the day and the orgasms she had. She was thinking about how else he wants to abuse her and how rough he is gonna fuck her. Thinking these made her mind dizzy and she fell asleep. She woke up by the smell of hot food and sound of cutlery being placed on the table beside the bed and on the floor beside the table. KK shouted " Bitch come and have your food, you need energy for the coming ordeal of the night and I need you energized all night to have your cunt and ass hole destroyed". The smell of food made her hungry tummy urge for food. She came and sat on the chair of the table to which KK gave a hard smack on her head and ordered saying "your my slave and you cannot sit beside of me and have food on the floor cause your a bitch". The thought of sex slave made her realise she is not equal to him and sat on the cold floor. She was hungry as hell so she opened the packets and found naan breads and chicken curry and chicken fry. She was happy as she got food after a long day of torture and torment, the smell was so inviting and it was hot. She hurriedly plated everything and began to eat and the tase also was great. KK said " eat slow slut your gonna choke on that chicken, the only thing you must choke on tonight is my cock". Saying this he had his food and sipped his whisky. He offered a glass of whisky ? to Snehdika, which she denied. KK told " bitch I'm not asking you I'm ordering you". Hearing this she took the glass from and had her first drink of her life. She didn't like the taste as she never had experience. KK said "bitch you need to agree one thing, &nbsp;I'm gonna make you experience all the unexpected things of your life". Saying it he finished his food the same time she also finished the food and gulped the remains of whisky in her glass to wash of the spicy taste off her tongue, and as good slave she carried all the plates, glasses and food packets and disposed then and cleaned the dishes and returned to the bedroom where she found KK smoking.

He gestured her to come and sit beside him and when she did he put his left arm around her shoulder in which he was holding the the cigarette. When he took a puff he intentionally choked her and smoked slowly enjoying the hot smoke after a good torment and food. He suddenly got an idea and asked Snehdika " Have you ever smoked". She told no hesitantly and when he compelled her to tell the truth she admitted that she had tried it few times in her college and she doesn't want to try it now. KK laughed and said " You know I'm not gonna let you decide anything on you behalf, so you know what you supposed to do". Then she hesitantly took the cigarette from his hand and took a puff, ghhhghghgggghhhh she coughed hard and looked at KK and again she took a puff now she held it and let it out in a few seconds. Now when she took the third puff KK insisted to take a deep puff, she did it as told. When she took the puff suddenly KK locked his lips with snehdika and and held her nose with his left hand preventing her to breath. With his right hand he was playing with her tits, squeezing pinching twisting them and playing with the pussy by rubbing her clit. The combined effect of breath play and tit and pussy rub made Snehdika extremely aroused making her pussy leak and wanting more abuse. After around two minutes of play he broke the kiss drawing all the air from her through her mouth making her gasp for air and blew the smoke out up towards the ceiling.The same time the cigarette burnt Snehdika fingers bringing her back to senses. Snehdika was gasping for air and panting like a dog her chest was heaving and her hair was messed up. KK then pushed her onto the bed and got above her and kissed her lips passionately, holding her face he whispered in her ears "ur my bitch" then he licked her earlobes sucking them and reached her neck and nibbled and choked her with his hand and again kissed her. He was repeating this for over sometime all the while his dick in his boxers was rubbing her pussy which was leaking like a fountain.

After his assault on her face and neck he proceeded to abuse her titties. But before that he held her hands above her head and tied it to the bed post with a rope making her hands immobile and her bare breast exposed for him to torment.&nbsp;

**He sat on her abdomen holding her tits and mauling them he said " Oh Snehdika I'm in love with ur Body so much that I want to abuse your body always and make you beg for more abuse, also I'm having so many wild and extreme fantasies I want to do with your body that will definitely break ur mind and make you go crazy for sex and I want to humiliate you so much which will in the end make you addicted for humiliation no matter the place and people ur around, I'm gonna make the perfect sex slave for me out of you Snehdika, see even now ur hands are tied and ur immobile and these fruititties are mine to abuse as much as I want mmmmmm" he locked his mouth on her tits and began to suck the nipples like a wild sucking machine switching from one to another and biting and piching and twisting them. Snehdika can do nothing but moan and groan and her hands being immobile causing discomfort which also makes her tits pushed out. He even tickles her armpits while mauling her tits which sends shivers down her chest making her nipples hard which adds to the pleasure of KK. She was breathing heavily due to these acts and excitement and fear of the talks by KK which made her chest heave adding to the pleasure of KK. After a what felt like a hell and heaven time for snehdika, KK removed his mouth from her tits and admired his mouth work slapping them and making them jiggle like a pair of flesh jelly. He asked her "did you like the way I'm abusing ur body bitch" to which she answered " yes sir I love the way your abusing my body and I want more". The pleasure and pain effect by KK is affecting her brain and making her say what KK wants to hear. KK then told her "Lift your legs and expose your love holes for me to feast on bitch". She did it like a puppet and lifted her legs and held them for KK. He knelt down and saw her pussy was leaking with juice. "Looks like your pussy is leaking for me you nasty whore" KK exclaimed, which made Snehdika extremely humiliated which added to her excitement which inturn made her pussy leak more juice and her mind wants more abuse and body seeks more torture. KK held both her inner thighs and began rubbing them so lovingly making her blood flow increase in her pussy region. He poked his left fore finger in her navel and pulled her navel ring adding to the excitement of snehdika. He kissed all over  her pussy and above her pussy mound all the while rubbing and massaging her inner thighs making her go  crazy. He then parted her labia majora exposing her wet leaking labia minora. He then with his left hand wrapped around her right thigh held her clit hood and raised it exposing her pierced clit bulging and throbing like pink pebble shining with the piercing. He pinched it which made Snehdika jerk and he kissed it which made her wrigle. He then inserted the fore finger and middle finger of his right hand and finger fucked her pussy while he kissed sucked and bit her throbing clit whereas his right hand was playing with her navel her nipples and making her to suck his finger like a lolipop. He sucked and slurped her clit like a candy while vigorously finger fucked her cunt and mauling her tits slapping her face and choking her making her beg for air. The multiple pain and pleasure torment made her pussy leak more juices and suck his fingers and continuous holding of legs without any support causing her legs pain. When he touched her G spot and rubbed it madly she had given up already which made her orgasm wildly making her legs shake wildly and folding her toes and screaming at the top of her lungs "Yess oh my goooddd ohhhh nhnmmhmm yheaaaanmmm" and eyes rolling back. KK then removed his mouth and finger and gave the fingers to Snehdika to slurp on which she did. Then he kissed her biting her lips and slurping her tongue giving her pussy taste to her mixing his spit. 
He then untied her hands and told her "Bitch get up and bring me two glasses of water" she got up and walked to the kitchen and came back with a glass of water he drank one glass fully and he took the other glass and told her to sit beside him. When she sat he had half glass of water in his mouth and told to open her mouth. She knows what's coming but she doesn't want to disobey KK and opened her mouth. He slowly unloaded the water in her mouth which she swallowed obediently. Then he looked at the other half and saw snehdika and took the water in his mouth gargled it and when she thought he is going to do the same as before and opened her mouth he held her neck and sprayed the water in her mouth and all over her face and ending it with a thick spit in her mouth and kissed her lips while he mauled her left tit with his left hand around her back and rubbing her pussy with his right hand. 
The more humiliation made her mind go crazy. He continued to kiss her and abuse her tits and pussy for some time and held her hair in his left hand and slapped her face by his right hand and inserted four fingers in her mouth and fingered her throat which made her gag while he bites her neck and spank her ass and pinched it wildly. Then he slammed her on to the bed and went to the cupboard beside the bed and returned with a rubber gloves. Seeing this made Snehdika fear. KK said "you know I'm not gonna kill you but I'm gonna abuse and humiliate you which will make you wish you were dead, now spread the legs as before".  She fearfully spread the legs as before and was thinking what he was gonna do more and what's the gloves are for. He spread the pussy lips and kissed the leaking clit and slurped on the pussy. This time he wrapped his right hand around her left thigh and held the clit and pinched where he slurped on her her pussy, he with his left hand made his way to her ass hole. He inserted fore finger which was tight for him although three guys have fucked her earlier today it was still tight and made Snehdika feel pain due to the abuse she felt earlier. He fingered her ass hole with his fore finger and added another finger which made Snehdika feel more pain, he finger with them for some time and added another finger. Snehdika was moaning in pleasure and groaning in pain, " ssssss ahhhh ashhh shhh yeahnnn ohhhh hmmmhnmm nooo yesssss ahhhhh yeahhhhh"  
He was giving pleasure to her in the front and pain to her in the back by abusing her asshole which made he body buckle but he did not stop his mouth and handwork. He was eating the pussy like a mad dog while fingering her ass hole with three finger like a sliding pump. He made her have an other mind blowing orgasm which counts to 4 this night. Snehdika was holding her hairs in her hand tightly experiencing the mind fucking orgasm due to the ass fingering and pussy eating. Then he removed his fingers and mouth to see the artwork he did on her love holes. He is so proud to have made her cum so many times just by abusing her and saw the pussy and clit twitching with his saliva n her pussy juices and her gaping ass hole wide open. The upside down word WHORE with ⭕ around her ass hole gaping open was such a humiliating sight for her and a sight which will make anyones cock go hard as rock. Snehdika mind was dizzy cause of having 4 orgasm that night also she is excited by the same orgasm effect and was needing more orgasm through torture and abuse.
He then removed the hand gloves and held her by the hair in his right hand and made her kneel on the floor. He slapped her face and told her to open his boxers and take his cock his cock in her mouth. She slid her fingers in the boxer and lowered it when KK's 9 inch cock sprung out and hit her face. She is totally scared and excited at the same time. KK told "Bitch french kiss my cock by holding my balls in ur hand, take the tip and slurp it like a lolipop". She wanted to please KK as he was the only one who made her cum so many times in a single time and her body and mind her works in the same way KK needed that she want to give him best blowjob with her mouth. She cupped her hands around his balls and kissed his cock like kissing a lost and found lover playing with the tip with her tongue licking the piss hole and engulfing the whole tip and swirling her tongue over the tip and sucking the cock head. It was such a sight to see, KK  was holding Snehdika by the hair, she is cupping his ball while sucking his cock head like a lolipop. He shouted "Bitch ur learning quick, yes that's the way to please ur master and u are there to please me and my perversions, ohhhh yeahh ssss, shit.... ur mouth is so hot whore, now look at me while ur sucking my cock and say my mouth is ur cock-sleeve use it as u please". Snehdika was thinking to remove her mouth but decided not to do it and tried to say " Moy moukth ik qor gaawk seeve oose ik alk oo peech"  Although she said it in a gibberish way KK was pleased by this as she preferences his cock being sucked than others. For some time he enjoyed her cock sucking and she was also sucking his cock passionately also massaging his balls. Then KK held her head and forced his cock down her throat making her gawk gawk, she resisted but didn't back up but she held his thighs for grip and he began to throat fuck her mouth hard.Her eyes were filled with tears and saliva and kk precum mixture is drooling from her mouth like a falls and dripping on to her breast. He moved his hips like a rocking chair and slid his cock down her throat using the spit and precum as lubricant and also holding the cock in her throat for some time to make her suffocate by pinching her nose. He continued to do this for few minutes and removed his hand and cock from her. He backed up and saw her. With messed up hair and teary eyes and mouth and lips covered with spit and precum which is drooling from chin onto her breasts. He slapped her face few times and ordered her to wipe the drool and eat the same she did it as told. He pushed her onto the bed and told her to spread her legs for him to fuck her bitch pussy. She spread her legs wide and he knelt btw them and placed his cock on her pussy, she was wet as fuck. But he wanted to tease her, so he slapped his thick cock on her pussy mound and rubbed it over the wet pussy lips up and down making her crave for his cock. He continued to do more by hitting his cock head on her engorged pierced clit and rocking it left and right making her go crazy. He knows the more he tease the more will be the blood flow to the pussy especially the clit region and the pleasure will be immense and the orgasm will be mind-blowing which will break her mind and make her addicted for sex. So he repeatedly teased his fuck toy which made Snehdika breath heavily and moan "ohnnn hmmm nnnnmmmmm yeahhhnhn, sir don't tease me more please put ur cock and fuck me hard". KK was happy as she is breaking gradually and craving for his cock which made his cock grew hard more but he wants her to beg more for his cock. So he went on teasing her continuously for few minutes also poking his finger in her navel and pulling the navel piercing to add more excitement towards her pussy and clit. Snehdika tried her best to hold by moaning and begging KK with her eyes to fuck her but all in vain all she could see is just an evil smile and eagerness from him to hear say please fuck me hard. When she could no longer hold anymore and want to feel his cock in her hot wet pussy, she begged him by ? showing this by her hands and say " I can't take any more teasing please and I want ur cock so bad and I want you to put that hard cock in my filthy wet pussy leaking for ur holy cock and fuck ur sex slave hard and rough all night long, please fuck this slut please...." .  KK  is pleased finally cause he heard what he wanted to hear from the bitch snehdika and was succeeding in breaking her, so he he grabbed her neck and kissed her lips passionately biting her lips also choking her and placed his cock head in her pussy entrance and broke his kiss and saw her eye to eye and spat on her face and told " From the moment I insert my cock in ur slave pusssy, I own you and do you understand and I'll make sure u regret this decision forever" and he nodded his head telling her to nod her head also she herself said " Yes sir I understood". Once he heard she say this he shouted" Then take this bitch " and inserted his thick cock on her wet pussy in one go fully deep down upto his balls hitting her ass. He then kissed and wrapped his hands behind her back and smooch her mouth and bit and slurp her tongue while he rough fucks her pussy. He could hear her scream and moan and groan in his mouth but he didn't bother it but continue to fuck his fuck to hard and rough and giving hickies all over her neck and choking her. He then holds her by her breasts and slam fucks her bitch pussy even more aggressively making her scream. 
The room is filled with sex smell and his groans and her screams and yes the thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp sound of his mid section hitting her thighs and his ball in her ass. He just then slaps her face and lie above her fully putting his whole weight on her and grinds his cock in her pussy like an pendulum and kissed her and licked her neck and smelling her neck nape. Then he grabbed her by the back and lifted and he knelt upright and lowered snehdika on to his cock which went deep in her cunt this time and was brushing her G spot directly. This made Snehdika jerk as she is already extremely aroused due to the rough foreplay and fucking of KK, when his cock brushed the G spot she tried to uplift her to minimise the effect but KK held her tightly by her shoulders by wrapping his hands behind her back and started to jack hammer fuck her pussy from below while kissing her lips and biting them and whispering in her ears "Snehdikaaaahhhh.... u are my sex slave and ur pusssy deserves to be destroyed all the time by my cock ..... Cock sleeve... Filthy bitch.... Nasty Whore.... Squeeze my cock with ur pussy u cum slut.... " . Saying this he again lip locked her and smooched her roughly. These aggressive fuck and dirty talk and monstrous grip made Snehdika pussy grip his cock her body began to take over her mind and in addition to that KK cock is continuously rubbing her G spot so aggressively which made her pussy extremely aroused making her legs loose control and when KK sensed her pussy is twitching internally contracting and expanding and squeezing his cock, he understood snehdika is up for another orgasm. 
That's when her lifted her so high and slammed his cock so deep in to her cunt hitting her G spot so hard bring her to another orgasm. He lifted her and dropped her onto the bed where her whole body is twitching, but he went further and rubbed her clit so roughly making her squirt ??? so hard making her scream "ohhhhhh hnnnnhmmnnhmnmnmmmnnn" and making the bed wet with her pussy juice
KK is not done, yet. He slapped her pussy making her to come back to senses and told her go on doggy style which she did as told, she thought he was going for her ass but KK grabbed her her hair and inserted his cock in her cunt again which is already ravaged and sore. He held her hips and began to slow fuck her cunt this time savouring her warm cunt and juicy pussy walls by his cock. He knelt down and grabbed her right tit by his right hand fore finger and thumb and pinched the nipples and asked " How was ur first squirt experience whore" in her left ear. Snehdika answered " It was so good sir, one second I couldn't hold my bladder anymore and already the orgasm had made my pussy so wet and when u rubbed my clit my pussy gave up and I squirted". KK is so amazed that snehdika is now talking dirty but he likes when a whore succumbs to all his perversions, but Snehdika had just started to experience KK' s perversions, she has a long long way to go and she will regret this thought. Now KK held her hair and began to pick up his pace and began to ram her sore pussy while give hard spankings to her bubbly ass, the words "Spank My Ass" tattooed on her right ass cheek is shaking due to every slap on her ass and due to the ram fuck of KK. He roughly fucked her pussy from behind and hard spanked her ass which filled the room with thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thapp thwap thwap thwap thwap thwap thwap thwap thwap sound. Then he inserted his right hand thumb in her ass hole which made jerked but he held her by the same asshole and drilled it with his finger and twists and tweeks his thumb like a joystick while he slaps and grab pinches her left ass cheek hard and shift to the front and began to rub and pinch her clit making her pussy squeeze his cock more adding more pain and pleasure to her.He continued his fuck for some time and bit her ear which made her scream but she shouted in her ear " Just shut the fuck up squeeze me cock bitch". 
Then he roughly fucks her in the same position holding her hips and giving her hard fucks. Now he inserted both of his thumbs together in her sore asshole poking and digging her rear canal wildly making her scream but he ignores her scream and fucks her pussy while he assfuck her with his thumbs. Then pushes her on her stomach and slaps her both ass cheeks like a freaking monster by his both hands making her scream " Awwww ahhhh ahhh ahhh plssss stopppp.... it's hurting..." but he ignores her plea and flips her on her back and inserted his cock in her pussy in missionary and grinds her pussy while he rubs her swollen clit by his right hand and squeezing her tits and pinching her pierced nipples and slapping her face and intermittently choking her and slapping her by his right hand also spitting on her face for the whore she is. He continued this for some time and now used two hands to stimulate her clit making her pussy loose control again and he inserted his right fore finger and middle finger in her cunt while his thumb is rubbing her pierced clit, and with his cock he began to fuck her while he finger fucks with his right fingers and pinch her clit with his left hand. And when he hit the G spot she can no longer continue and bent backwards and digging her hands in the bed and squeezing hard having another wild orgasm screaming "I'mmmmm cummmmmming....hmmmmm ohhhhhh". At the same time he was also about to cum and gave out a wild groan "Fuck Yeah Slut" and kissed her mouth so hard and locked his fingers with her in both hands and gave a hard push and shot his thick cum inside her  twitching pussy and layed on her ,kissing her lips and neck. He kept on cumming for 2 mins straight and Snehdika could feel the hot sperm filling in the depths of her pussy and KK cock throbing like a heartbeat inside her pussy. The simultaneous effect of having and orgasm and getting her cunt filled with cum gave an intoxicating feeling for snehdika making her mind reach  high level of pleasure.
Both layed like that for an hour or so after having a wild animalistic fuck session, feeling the warmth and heartbeat of eachother. The room is filled with sex smell and sweat of them, she smelt his sweat and was attracted to it due the animalistic behaviour towards her. After some time he pushed himself up from her and  saw her face. Messed up hair, dizzy teary eyes, swollen lips, reddened tits and nipples, whole abdomen covered by sweat and cum and her pussy is flowing out with her pussy juice and his cum also the tattooed words above her pussy "Nasty Cum Dump" makes it whole lot sense as her pussy is filled with KK's hot thick cum. When he removed thich cock from her pussy, the excess cum was flowing out and he took a handful of cum until it stopped coming out of her pussy and shoved it in her mouth. She gagged but her forced the cum down her throat making her swallow the whole thing and finally he spat on her face making her realise that she's still his sex toy for him to torment.
Then he turned her face and whispered in her right ear "Now I'm gonna fuck ur Ass bitch, but before that make my cock hard by giving a sweet blowjob with ur slut mouth". Saying this he pushed his cock in her mouth by sitting on her chest and  she sucked her best to make him hard, licking and sucking the cock head slurping it with her spit making it glisten and hold it stroked and sucked it passionately like a cock-sucking whore she is. KK enjoyed it for a while and removed his cock is hard as rock. Then he flipped her whole body just by grabbing her right ass cheek and flipped like a pan cake. Then he spanked right ass cheek and made her kneel and bent forward raising her ass and pushing her face in the sweat and cum soaked bed and rubbed his cock around her asshole tracing the ⭕ around her asshole. 
He then pushed his cock in her pussy once making her grunt and lubricating his cock using the cum and pussy mixture and placed the cock head in her asshole.He grabbed her hair in his left hand yanked it hard and with his right hand he inserted his cock head in her asshole making her gasp " Ahhhhhh" he stops for a while and gives another push inserting another 2" making her grunt, paused for a while and again inserted 3" more making her gasp as KK cock is longer and thicker than the tat guys whom she fucked. 3" more to go KK grabbed her waist in both his hands and gave a powerful thrust forcing his entire cock in snehdika asshole hitting his balls on her ass. "Ahhhhhh Shiiiiitttttt" snehdika screamed at the top of her lungs, she felt someone has stabbed in her asshole with a knife. KK " Bitch you are the only one who took my whole 9" cock in ur asshole fully, all the other sluts whom I've fucked in my life have never took more than 7" so ur gonna be my special slut forever" saying he began to remove and thrust his cock making her whine and groan. He started slow but began to wildly pound the shit out of her shit hole like a machine. He spanked hard on her ass cheeks making her groan more and bring his hands in front to pinch her nipples and finger her cunt pulling and twisting her clit so hard giving her pleasure by pain. He  yanked her hair so hard and told " Bitch get ready for the jack hammer thrust" saying her slammed her head on the bed and held her hips tightly and pushed her midsection down and raising her ass and began to fuck her asshole like a freaking jack hammer thrusting in and out of her asshole. Also he spanked while fucking her in both her ass cheeks very hard adding to the pain. Snehdika was continuously screaming and slamming her hand on the bed but of no use cause KK was not bothering her screams but fucking like a maniac. This also made her reach another orgasm and she squirted hard on the bed shaking her legs wildly but KK didn't mind this but continued to fuck her asshole in the motive of completely destroying it. 
This ordeal continued for another 20 minutes and whole room is filled with snehdika screams and KK groan. Snehdika doubted as "how much more this devil is packing in him as he is fucking me and abusing me for the past 3-4 hours and he's still energetic but how he's got this much stamina and how much more he's gonna torture me". KK gave another groan and completely laid on her and grabbed her hair by his left hand and pussy by his right hand and  fucked her asshole even more wildly making her scream  but KK stuffed her mouth with the bed spread and continued his violation of her asshole. "Thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack thwack" was the only sound of his balls and thighs hitting her ass along with the muffled scream of snehdika. The room stink with both of them sweat and her pussy juice and squirt.The entire ordeal came to an end when he flipped her on her back with his cock buried in her ass hole and held her by the neck choking with his left hand and vigorously fingering her pussy and gave one last thrust making her cum for the last time and he came deep in her asshole shouting " Ahhhhhh..... Fuck Bitch.....".  She could feel his heart beat in her violated asshole and hot cum filling her bowels and he fell over completely her sucking her tits and licking her neck saying "U are one hell of a slut my sweet slave, I love your body so much bitch and tonight is just the start whore" Snehdika felt completely violated from head to toe, her whole body is feeling hot filled with cum and sweat and filled with pinch marks and love bites all over. She thinks to herself "He just abused me and fucked me like a rag meat and he is telling he loves my body, am I just a slave for him to use as a fuck and abuse? also he is saying this was just a start what does he mean by that, what more could he probably do to" . All these thoughts running in her mind and suddenly he got up removing his cock from her ass hole and stood beside the bed and grabbed her head and made her kneel on the floor. Snehdika is all spent but he wants more, he ordered her to suck off his cock and clean the remains and said " Bitch I need my cock clean as slate and I don't want ur shit hole remains on my cock when I sleep so work ur mouth and clean my cock you cock sucking whore". Snehdika tried to suck off his cock but his cock smelt bad cause of her stinky asshole and tasted bad but he grabbed her head and inserted his cock she gagged " Gawk gawk gawk gawk gawk gawk gawk " then he let go of her when she sucked his cock from tip to balls holding his legs. She managed not to puke or gag anymore just to avoid anymore punishment from KK. 
When she finished sucking and cleaning his cock, KK's cock was glistening with spit and was clean and wet also hard as rock. Then he held her back of her head and stroked his cock hard and told " Open ur fucking trash mouth bitch and have my cum as ur tonights dessert". She obeyed and opened her mouth and let her tongue out wating for his cum to hit her face and mouth. He let out a groan and came hard on her face hitting her eyes and came in her mouth as well. She then obediently cleaned the cum off of KK cock and he told " Bitch now ur learning to be a good sex slave" saying he spat on her face and mouth forcing her to swallow it and wipe the cum off her face and lick them as well. The he grabbed her neck and lifted her making her stad and told "Bitch let my cum dry on ur slut face all night to give u a more bitchy look and tomorrow wake me up at 8 am in my bed upstairs by giving me a good blowjob with ur whore mouth". Then he left the bed room after giving a hard slap on her face and squeezing her tits and giving a hard spank on her ass cheeks. Snehdika was standing in the bed room with wet cum and spit on her face with her violated body, she sat on the bed and laid thinking about her today's happenings and how KK kept his promise and fucked the shit out of her pussy and asshole which aches like hell and she definitely won't be able to shit and piss tomorrow normally also she felt that no one has ever hurt her this much and gave her pleasure this much like KK did to her in his animalistic way, these thoughts made her mind dizzy and tired and she dozed off to sleep letting her face dry with cum and spit and her pussy and asshole dripping with KK's cum.
**
